[#69455] 17.0 Meetings module changes  https://community.openproject.… (#21353)
opf/openproject: docs/user-guide/meetings/one-time-meetings/README.md

> - 90min
> - 1:30

> Click the **Create meeting** button to save your changes. A new meeting will be created. It will initially be in the **draft mode**, as indicated by the status message and the corresponding  banner. You can then proceed to add more details to the meeting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the **Create meeting** button to save your changes. A new meeting will be created. It will initially be in **draft mode**, as indicated by the status message and the corresponding  banner. You can then proceed to add more details to the meeting.
```

### Meeting draft mode 

> **Draft mode** allows you to prepare the meeting in advance. You can structure or refine agenda items and work on the material without initiating the meeting. This mode enables internal meeting preparation.

Reviewer: Can we also add something here about being about to freely adjust participants without anyone being notified?

> **Draft mode** allows you to prepare the meeting in advance. You can structure or refine agenda items and work on the material without initiating the meeting. This mode enables internal meeting preparation.

Author: ```suggestion
**Draft mode** allows you to prepare the meeting in advance. You can structure or refine agenda items and work on the material without initiating the meeting. This mode enables internal meeting preparation and allows freely adjusting meeting participants without them being notified at this stage.
```

In draft mode, the meeting status indicator does not have drop-down options. No email notifications or invites are sent out in draft mode.

After creating a meeting, you can set up a **meeting agenda** in draft mode. You can also edit the agenda at any time after opening the meeting.

![A newly created meeting in draft mode in OpenProject, highlighting draft status and banner](openproject_userguide_meetings_draft_mode_banner.png)

Once you are done editing the draft, click the **Open meeting** button in the top right corner. 

![A button to end the draft mode and mark a meeting as open in OpenProject](openproject_userguide_meetings_open_meeting_button.png)

> This will open a dialogue, in which you can choose whether an invite and updates should be sent out to meeting participants or not. Depending on your choice, a banner will explain what action will follow. 

Reviewer: Is dialogue correct here?

```suggestion
This will open a dialog, in which you can choose whether an invite and updates should be sent out to meeting participants or not. Depending on your choice, a banner will explain what action will follow. 
```

![A cogwheel icon to edit a meeting in OpenProject](openproject_userguide_meetings_cogwheel_icon.png)

An edit screen will be displayed, where you can adjust the date, time, duration and location of the meeting. Depending on whether email calendar updates are enabled or disabled, a corresponding banner in the form will indicate whether an update will be sent after the changes are saved.

![A form to edit an existing meeting in OpenProject](openproject_userguide_meetings_edit_meeting_form.png)

Do not forget to save the changes by clicking the **Save** button. Cancel will bring you back to the details view.

> [!TIP]
> If someone else edits or updates the current meeting page at the same time and saves their changes, you and all other users on the same page will be notified of this with a small banner at the top of the page. Click the **Reload** button to load the updated version of the page. 
>

> > If you are in the [presentation mode](presentation-mode), changes will load automatically, without the banner being displayed.

Author: ```suggestion
> If you are in the [presentation mode](#present-a-meeting), changes will load automatically, without the banner being displayed.
```

![Icon to enable calendar updates for meeting changes in OpenProject one-time meetings](openproject_userguide_meetings_enable_calendar_updates.png)

## Meeting outcomes
### Add agenda item outcomes

During a meeting, stakeholders will often take certain decisions, add useful information or note down follow-up points. In OpenProject, these can be added as outcomes to each agenda item. To note outcomes, the meeting status has to first be set to [in progress](#mark-meeting-in-progress). Once in progress, there will be a **+ Outcome** button at the end of each agenda item. To add an outcome, simply click this button.

> [!TIP]
>
> To be able to add *Agenda meeting outcomes*, **Manage outcomes** permission needs to be granted under [Roles and permissions](../../../system-admin-guide/users-permissions/roles-permissions/) in system administration.

![Button to add an agenda outcome in OpenProject meetings](openproject_userguide_meetings_agenda_outcome_button.png)

> An editor will appear, allowing you to enter and format text, similar to editing a wiki page. 

Reviewer: Maybe this is better? To keep everything meetings related

```suggestion
An editor will appear, allowing you to enter and format text, similar to editing an agenda item. 
```

Read more about [subscribing to a calendar](../../calendar/#subscribe-to-a-calendar).

![An icon to download a meeting as an iCalendar event in OpenProject meetings moduel](openproject_userguide_meetings_download_ical.png)

## Change meeting status
You can change the status of a meeting depending on whether you are preparing it, running it, or finalizing it.

> [**Draft mode**](#meeting-draft-mode) is used while preparing a meeting before it is opened. In this mode you can outline the agenda, add or adjust items, and work on the content without running the meeting yet. Draft mode is intended for internal preparation and does not represent the start of the meeting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**Draft mode**](#meeting-draft-mode) is used while preparing a meeting before it is opened. In this mode you can outline the agenda, add or adjust items, work on the content, and adjust participants without running the meeting yet. Draft mode is intended for internal preparation and does not represent the start of the meeting.
```

![Re-open a meeting in OpenProject](openproject_userguide_meetings_reopen_meeting.png)

## Present a meeting

> **Presentation mode** is available when you want to show the meeting content in a clean, non-editable view. This mode is intended for presenting the agenda or meeting material to participants during or before the meeting without the distraction of editing actions. 

Reviewer: Agenda items are editable in presentation mode, to be fair

> **Presentation mode** is available when you want to show the meeting content in a clean, non-editable view. This mode is intended for presenting the agenda or meeting material to participants during or before the meeting without the distraction of editing actions. 

Author: ```suggestion
**Presentation mode** is available when you want to show the meeting content in a clean, non-editable view. This mode is intended for presenting the agenda or meeting material to participants during or before the meeting without distractions. However, agenda items can be edited in presentation mode if needed.
```
